let's tell let's tell the
testimony that we have Come on let's tell the
testimony that we have family eh I don't know
how things will go there I don't know if you are
comfortable I don't know if you are okay it is a
delicate subject we already know but well
we are trying to treat it with the
utmost professionalism possible what I do
ask you all please to all of you who
are in the live that I pressed the
subscribe button both on this channel
and on the trium channel that you have it
pinned in the chat okay And one thing that I am
going to ask you very important that for
some reason I don't know if it is Because some people
watch us from a strange device or
whatever eh that I pressed the like button
okay the little hand up the like so
that YouTube always notifies you and
recommends everything we do okay
we have a specific testimony it is
José the one who has spoken with him
directly eh of the people who
attended to this kid that morning Okay
but not of the audios as they have been
leaked or as such No I mean the
people who attended to him the people
who were with him and spoke to him and  They
said this and they told him that, the
people who were with him, the
last people he spoke to while he was
alive, the truth is. Well, then there
were the security guards, that I have no
contact with, neither did the
police, I'm talking about the
stewardesses.
Exactly. Well, basically, on
October 12th in the morning at
7:39, he was supposed to have taken the train
to Granada, whose first stop is
Córdoba. It
was 8:10 when he was trying to
solve the problem somehow,
uh, we're talking about more than half an hour
after he was supposed to take
that train and he stopped José. We
would have loved for these people to
come here and tell it because,
like it or not, but it's complicated. They don't
want to go online, they don't want to go
live, but it's complicated. We're going to
tell it in the most truthful way possible and
more and more literally than how they
told it to us, okay. eh, the boy
didn't get on this train, he didn't arrive on
time and he didn't get on the train and he was at
the counter trying to solve the
problem or get it solved, okay.
Well, really. The boy arrives and  What
happens is that he doesn't have the ticket, he doesn't
even know where the ticket is, so before
even looking for his train, he goes to the
counter to get the ticket.
Oh, okay, okay. That's what he goes to the counter for, okay, of
course, I mean, he's at the
ticket counter because he doesn't have the
physical ticket and his phone, well, he has it as it is.
And then they try to help him and
when they manage to help him, when they
manage to help him, they ask him, they ask him,
how did he buy the ticket if he
bought it with a credit card? So
he says that he's going to buy it with a
virtual credit card that he has on his phone.
And then he says, Well, tell me the
last four digits, we'll enter it into the system
and the ticket comes out. He says, well, my
phone is off and I don't even know if it
works. The girl, one of the girls
who is helping him, says, 'Can I give you the
charger and you charge it and we'll look at the card?'
and he says, 'No, no, yeah, I don't even know if it works, I
mean, it's not like they tell him express. They don't
offer him the charger so he can pay. They
offer him the charger to look for
the ticket. They say, 'Well, if we can lend you
a charger, you charge it and we'll look at the
card to get the ticket and he says
no no yes I don't even know if it works I mean
no leave it And then he asks him well
the ID such nothing eh With what did you buy
the ticket With what email I gave an email that is
not until after a while he
says oh wait I'll give you my father's email
because I might think it was bought
with my father's email then he gives the
father's email and when he enters the father's email
into the system that's when the ticket comes out
the ticket appears and The girl
who is looking at it who was on that train
because she arrives on that train says oh
but if this train eh I saw this one I
mean eh this train you have already missed it
this train arrived at 7 he says he doesn't
remember if it was 39 or 35 because the
time changed some of you well he says I'm telling you now you have already
missed it and that's where the
whole period thing starts already asking him for things He
comes a bit to see these people they say
that they don't notice that the boy comes drunk
or anything like that But he does come in
a bit confused from having had
a good night of partying and that
The kid is a little bit breaded breaded
like joking
with him that he was very handsome, we had a lot of
little pieces like that with him talking to him
in a joking way
that also stands out to us that the kid is
super polite, notice that later the
first few days it was also said that he
had a unique behavior when
arguing with the employees but
nevertheless these people
stand out to us and they highlight us eh that a
super polite kid says here come a lot of
people who come in and get angry because maybe they
miss a train and want another or
whatever and they speak to us in a bad way he says
but the kid is super calm and super
polite okay
in Total that the ticket is him He arrives at the
train and then he doesn't go directly to the
train but tries to get the
ticket back to have it printed he takes out his
wallet he puts it on the counter looking
to see if he has a card something for the
ticket when they were looking for the
ticket of course the ticket basically
in renf this is something that a lot of
people also these days they threw it in his
face j s what they said but but if with your
ID they give you another ticket Of course then  they
did It turns out that they asked for his
ID, his phone number, his email in the end They
find the ticket with the
father's email With the father's email, they find
the ticket and they realize that it is a train that
has passed and also José which is
a train that he has It is a train it is a
train ticket which is
called an avá which is a type of train ticket
that well is cheaper I understand it is worth
24 the AVE is worth 40 This one is worth 24 there
is even another cheaper fare that costs 14
that I could also have bought another one
but it is a type of ticket the one I
had that does not allow any type of
refund
or change of schedule or if you lose it they will
give you another one like for example the one that if
you lose it I think you can get
on the next one and I think you can't
do some things this train they tell him
Look, you have no option to do anything,
buy another one in total, chav goes like to the
taqu he says let's see, we're going to you, you have three
options, you have an ave that goes to
Barcelona that is worth 40, you have another avant
that is worth 24 and then you have the cercania
which I think is the one that  it's convenient that it's
worth 14 it's what they say The bird is
leaving now, that is to say the bird was leaving the one that is
worth 14 and in which they found it
between wagon and wagon not similar to that one yes
but of course it wasn't that one because it was
stopped
Eh then eh they say that they say the a
is the one that is leaving since it is leaving now, that is to say it is
worth 40 compared to Cordoba the one to
Seville Barcelona and they tell him take advantage of
now and go to the ticket office that there is
nobody there and you get the ticket look right
now there is nobody and he says that the
boy is going to leave, that is to say he takes to
go to the ticket office and that even when he
leaves he forgets his wallet and he says
to the girl Hey dude, here's your
wallet and then Oh he takes the wallet and
takes it in one of the times that he is
talking to her The boy Look how he was
going he says to her is that they told me in
Santa agusta and the girl says but come on they are going to
tell you Santa agusta Yes Santa
agusta H now [ __ ] and he says Where do you
come from? He says I don't even know where I come from  He
says I don't even know where he comes from, I
mean they were talking
jokingly, besides we heard him, we know
how they talk, I mean they were talking
jokingly and he took off and went to the
ticket office at no time did he say anything like
Oh, I don't have any money nor was he
like scared at no time did he say anything about being
chased by
anyone, nothing, I mean he didn't say He didn't
even say that he needed money because
the girl or the guy
we talked to says man, let's see if they
tell me Hey, look, it's that I can't go back, I
'm here, I don't know
what Hey, look, I'll make you a visa, I'll do
this, I'll do that, I'll
try to help him somehow but the
kid didn't ask for help, I mean in fact they
told him to turn on the phone so that
they're lost, they chased him from the
club and he died Fran, really, no,
but in such a way, Vu will repeat The
same thing about not having money has been
said by his family, at no time does he
say I don't have any money, I don't have any, he's
going to put his wallet there, the people who
know if he carries money, he doesn't carry money Yes, he does
n't  he says let's see can we believe this
or can we believe that this kid goes in
there that morning and says RENF look
I've run out of money I don't have a
cent I don't have how to get back to Córdoba
my parents are going to freak out
can you help me out and the RENF people will
take him and throw him out on the street we can
believe either version whichever
you like best I mean it's absurd I
mean they treat you this way and
tell you the options there are Well it's
normal now if it came
out anyway until later there's another
colleague who sees him at the ticket office I mean
there's another colleague who sees him at the
ticket office But in the end he doesn't get to
buy the ticket no but
the girl he supposedly
met last night also came out and so on and
the girl came out saying please
don't tell any more stories that she didn't have a
boyfriend or ex-boyfriend or anything like that
she's traumatized by everything that's
happened That she met a guy and found
out about these the next time she
says it a lot she says but  it's true,
super handsome kid, says a
very handsome, very nice kid. I mean, kid,
also, well, with us we were talking to him for
a while, he says that there are other people who
come to you screaming when they miss the train, that they
arrive all out of breath, kid, for nothing, we
were there with him for a while and the
kid left and we, the girls
at the counter, were left thinking that he had
bought his ticket, he says we do
n't take any more count, he says one like the
hundreds that arrive at the end of the
day, I mean because a lot of people arrive at us, he
already left. I thought he had
bought his ticket, then we found out
that he had tried to sneak onto the bird, that they had
kicked him out, that's why we
found out later and then he came back he sneaked
back in through the catering part
and they kicked him out again. So,
first a train that sneaks in by crossing
the tracks, which is the one you sent the
video for, not the one you brought the video for,
because a train that has to cross three
or four tracks because he gets in through
the part where there is no surveillance and crosses
the tracks until the a which are three or
four  tracks and there he gets on a train from
Barcelona and so the train was going to Barcelona
and they arrive he goes all the way to the
cafeteria where they
catch him and throw him out then he goes into like
a catering service no, that's where the
employees eat apparently they catch him there he
's trying to get in like another
eh Like he wasn't going to sneak onto another train
but he gets in like through the catering service
where they are
eating yes where they prepare where they
prepare the meals for the trains the
com the trains for the workers no
of course that's where he got in and there
the staff of the bunk house throws him out here you can't
be that this is a reserved area
and such and they
throw him out I know F what they don't
understand is how he gets to this area over
there and how he gets in and why does
a train go up high no that's what people already say that
if they have helped him
why haven't they told him before and they have told him
and I am telling you this from
people who already in fact what I am
telling you has already been in the press yesterday
because the statement has already been made
before the police and everything, I mean, these
testimonies are already collected before the
police. Of course, it's counted. Prim day
from the first day, another thing is that it has been
realized, it is not counted
the first day in any
case and they have not helped him either, I mean,
let's see, what we understand as
help, they have helped him, they have not helped him, they have
informed him, they have informed him, he with
the information he has done what he
wanted, Renfe is not an NGO, he has gone and he has been
informed, he has not asked for help, they have not
helped him, they have informed him another
thing is that if he had asked for help, they would have
denied it to him, there we would talk about something
else, but in principle, I
highly doubt that someone who asks for help would be
denied in that way, no one helps you,
nobody tells you. Hey, no, I'm not going to
let you have my phone number so you can
call, man, what's normal for them to let you have their
phone? That would be logical, no, I mean, I
doubt that everyone is
colluding to hurt you, but
apart from that, no, but why haven't they
said it before, let's see? It's that
people don't have to go out on social media
because  I'm saying this because it's being
said about someone else, we've been saying
since day one, pay attention
only to the things that are said
officially, no, but it's being
said that a group of 30 kids was chasing him,
but let's see, who
has to come out and deny that because
word is spreading, pay attention
only to the official things from
day one. Someone said, The kid
was asking for help all over the
station and nobody wanted to help him, aren't those
statements and conclusions that have been
reached? Because yes, because they talk
and talk and talk, but and he doesn't have any
money, he doesn't have any money, who knows,
because he doesn't tell people anything, he's already said it, he
goes to the ticket office and takes it out, if he
goes to the ticket office, they already assume that he has to
buy it, do you understand what you
have to say? Don't they understand
that he will have money or he will have a card
in his wallet or he will have whatever it takes
to buy a ticket or not That's
normal,
I don't understand, let's see, I don't know
much either, but let's see, there are
very logical things and very crazy things,
for example, I'm going back  to repeat there is
negligence many sneak through the area
where he sneaked in that that shouldn't
be so we have to ask for
accountability Of course we have to
ask for it but a conspiracy like
everyone is against
Álvaro man well Sorry but I do
n't believe that anymore sincerely that there are
unpleasant people well I can see it that it
was even I tell you let's put ourselves in the
worst case scenario he goes and they tell him look for yourself you have to
look for yourself it's that it's like that it's let's
see
eh it's difficult it's hard to say it but I
go now to Renfe and I tell him look you I do
n't have money but I have to go to
Madrid and what is the Renfe guy going to tell me and I
can tell him a lie Well the thing is that I
have a grandfather who is dying
in Madrid and such and I don't know what And if
everyone goes Like that we're giving away free tickets I
mean we don't have to look at things
too but even so the people that
we've spoken to don't what they
tell us okay this is what they tell us it
could be or it couldn't be but I don't
see the  Why not no what they tell us
is that at no time The kid came
saying that he had any problem at
no time did he seem nervous at
all or what or did he say Oh it's that I don't have any
money I don't know what to do I have to go back
nothing he says if he tells us maybe it's that I
'm here stranded I'm
from Córdoba I have no way to go back
well we'll see how to turn on his
cell phone that the father will make us a B but
in but ene that they didn't help him But
what did they have to help It's that we go back to the
same thing that he wasn't a kid who
had a wound that was
bleeding that was semi-conscious
what do we have to help seriously
really I understand eh that now We're
talking about everything that happened but a
normal kid in the middle of physics faculty who
is coming in that doesn't tell you look I'm
really stranded that I have no
way to go back can I make a call something he does
n't say anything about that what is
there to help Really seriously that
one lends help if they ask you Or if you
see that even if they don't ask you
need it because you are  watching but a
kid who doesn't ask you for help who isn't
telling you t atively Hey I need
help this is happening to me Look I'm
stranded I have no way of contacting my
parents my phone won't charge You think that
if someone you says I can't talk to
my parents I'm here lying around Seville I don't
have How to get back to Cordoba my phone won't
charge someone won't leave him a
charger really seriously are
people that bad because if people are that bad
down in the world it's that I refuse to think
that people are that bad apart from how the
Renfe didn't help him yesterday he
said the same thing Ne can if not go
live the same thing as saying now he
said it yesterday that you didn't say yesterday the same thing he's
telling you the same thing I told you
yesterday It's that anyway you
told me in the morning also the
same thing but in any case in my live
that the Renf They don't help you that if you
go outside where the station is like that if
you call anyone to anyone they
say Hey look what I've
been left with that doesn't make sense that no that I
did it like that because anyone are things that
when  young people we put our foot in it and it
's the most I mean let's not look for a
movie because in the end the story is
the simplest and the most Absurd in the
world and And the thing is that I don't know I think that I think that
look at one thing that the
family did say for example yes I think it could
be like that he did it this way
because he didn't want to make noise he didn't want to
call on the phone to say that he
had paid it imagine Maybe
nop How to manage it maybe kid when he
sees that he doesn't have money he realizes and such he does
n't know how to manage it or maybe he was
ashamed to ask for help there are
many people who are ashamed to ask for
help it could be but we go back to the
same thing You who are working you
realize if a kid doesn't ask you for help or
anything that that kid needs
specific help that they are people who are working
that they are people who come to work at
5 in the morning and you are working and
100 or 200 people or 300 400 pass them in
a day with 100000 problems If you are not going to do it
done that person who is going to  fall from
one Random Look if Alvaro hadn't had
this happen to the flight attendants They don't even remember
Alvaro or anyone else would have been one
more who passed by the train station and
had missed the train Like so many others
like so many others who miss the train and
don't jump the track that's what we're going to do
here there are many things that need to be
considered So of course we want to
blame him let's blame him if
I'm going to repeat the same thing but what do
we blame him for? They don't help him they have an
obligation It's legal or rather we
can look for eh eh something legal because
they told him without a ticket you can't
get on a train I don't know to what extent this
is what I mean but
I refuse to think that people are so
bad that a super kid arrives who
has no money who says that I can't
talk to my parents and nobody lets me
call or anything no man that doesn't
happen so that doesn't work so we've
all been in trouble and we've
asked for help I've asked for help they've
given it to me when I asked for it but these
are conclusions that have already been  they take it for granted
Because yes because you find out that
something has happened to a kid and he says Ah well
the workers Ah because of the police Well
let's see but let's see sleep watch
that it doesn't happen to me with my children says
let's see let's see that I understand
the family But yes I understand
the family again I understand that the
family falls with the world yes it is
normal but we are not the family
we are from outside we are watching from
outside and we have to be a little
coherent or I do
n't think I am a regular user of
proximity And before the free Bonus the number of
times I have seen people
who jump in line and others expelled because they did not
behave well man Of course but it's that
put you in the place of
something having happened eh bad if they let someone
jump in I mean if I am on a
train and they let someone jump in and
now the guy Imagine what some
ally or whatever does we would be
complaining Ah they haven't done their
job they haven't fired them we always have to
look for responsibility but if it's that
here  really and I'm so sorry I'm
so sorry but it was
negligence on the part of the kid When
we're kids we do a lot of things that do
n't make sense and we do the least
logical things and well There must be a reason Well there must be
a reason I imagine that the
why well It must be something like that
Maybe the mother before leaving the
house told Sevilla to Sevilla well
Take a charger because don't use the
mobile phone leave the mobile phone still to have
battery or not spend all the money and
leave money set aside just in case of course and
he didn't want to have to tell the
mother that he had paid for the phone
or no here one thing here one thing is
very clear 18 years that we've all had He's
Partying the time goes by
look at him The time goes by knowing
that he doesn't have any bills he definitely doesn't
even worry about the mobile phone battery
knowing that he has to use it to get
back home I mean, many
times we want to make others
responsible for our actions and there are
things that yes there are things that you don't understand
Or it's not complicated very complicated it's
screwed up very screwed up that the family we are
AC with the logical world  I also think
there are things that have been done wrong, very wrong,
the search, the negligence of having an
open fence so that people could access
that area, being a
highly dangerous area. Yes, yes, that had to
be super guarded, it could be.
That could be. That could have
some kind of reproach, not
legal action, if I were the parents and I would ask for
legal responsibility, of course, I would
do it. Yes, it is negligence that
someone can access the tracks. Yes,
from that place, that is. Of course, I
think that someone can. It
could be that any
child or whatever could have entered. No, of course,
someone could enter. Ah, yes, he
has some kind of reproach, I don't know,
because being an adult, we
're talking about an 18-
year-old guy, a capable guy, a valid guy,
you know, eh, what he has done is
negligence, he has sneaked into a
place where he shouldn't sneak in and not
that he sneaked in but he was
doing, I don't know what, climbing on
top of a train. But well, I think that's not
much more. From here, of course, I
send all my condolences and a lot of
love to the family.  of course
eh Tomorrow is the burial no trium and
tomorrow God willing Rest in peace
what I do know is that the
speculations the stories the
films and the tales stop okay eh No but it
will come out This will come out J I don't think
anything else will come out here This is not the
case of Daniel Sancho I don't know if you want to
say something else José No simply that it is
a shame it is an accident we will have to
look for those responsible for why
Álvaro got there I still think that we should
try to see why that
boy did that no if it could be that he
had some problem at the level of not
knowing how to manage or whatever and Well
then it would be for the parents because in the
end for us it is little more no and give
the parents that answer no and little more I
mean eh I repeat the same thing again the
parents It is normal that they report
everyone now I would do the same if I were a
father and I had a son and I lost him like that
But seeing it from the outside well we would have to
be a little coherent and see
things as they are I don't think I see
things from a critical point of view and
understand that yes that that that  You can
run into the nicest people in the world,
you can run into some unpleasant people,
but even if you run into someone
unpleasant, you have legal responsibility,
that's what I'm talking about, in other words, being
unpleasant has legal responsibility, in other words,
being unpleasant is reportable.
One thing that I find very alarming
is that a person can sneak in to
that point, that's alarming on the
tracks and we are how we are, uh, we are how we are, that's
real, uh, that's real, it's real, it's real,
this kid has been inside the
trains, he has been manipulating this
train, we don't know if he would have gotten into
another train, let's see, but Javi, man, he
climbs a roof, a train onto the roof
of a train, he climbs onto the roof of a
train, I mean, yes, very well, they
throw him out of the station, but what if he gets you, they
throw me out of the airport and I get on a
plane, whatever, man. There
are really things that you have to understand, you have to
see why that happens to him, that kid
who maybe had some problem on a
personal level, I already said yesterday, on a personal
level, maybe he had an
outbreak or he had  anything because it
is inexplicable Why he gets in is
totally inexplicable, if I were the
parents I would look for an explanation for
why my son has done such a
crazy thing And it is that without without he is already far from the
station Because if you do not know, I do not know
Seville you already leave the station and you do
not know if there is an open space here, if there is
an open space there, if the
tracks are here, in other words, he has been walking along
the wall looking for a place to
sneak through and after 2 km he found that wall and
sneaked through there what does not have any explanation is that there is
no explanation whatsoever as to why he
goes to a train that is also parked
and that is turned off What I think I know is that he
wanted to get inside the
train that on the train somewhere it
would say Córdoba and he would say I get on
this train and I hide wherever and
when the Córdoba at some point It is
that I do not have it does not make any
sense, I explained it wherever I explained it
is that nothing adds up, it does not make any
sense But anyway, eh, what I said family,
eh, all the love in the world and everything  the
pamo to the family we are so sorry I
wish we didn't have to be talking
about this news this week
eh may he rest in peace and of course much
respect and I hope that the
family's mourning is also respected and these last ones who
have asked not Although I think that
surely I think that surely
the press will be there because that is how it is That's
good but we have already
given the information we have
done it And now each one A kiss in Thank you
for inviting me I'll tell you one thing I've been
signing a book all afternoon eh eh
tomorrow I have to get to the email and
send 29 books eye eye family book
by Trium Art okay if you liked his
work if you liked getting to know him if you
want to see more about him you have the
link pinned in the chat okay the book
Where can you get it
José on Amazon on Amazon it's Tri you
have it on Amazon you write it trium crme
and you can buy it what happens is that they
also have another option to ask
you there is no email how good that If I
tell you email V to agree in my videos
below in the description box of the
videos you have  an email that you can
use if you want me to send it to
your house signed in case you want to
sign it Okay and nothing, as I said family,
subscribe to their channel, it is mandatory to
subscribe here, mandatory
like, I don't know if I'm going to the can now, I haven't
sent anything yet. I don't know what I have,
but anyway, I'll come back and give myself a kiss,
a huge kiss, rest well, family,
bye